Visit our website at http://www.ubs.com 

This message contains confidential information and is intended only 
for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you 
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please 
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this 
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. 

E-mails are not encrypted and cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, 
destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender 
therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the 
contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. 
If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. This 
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be 
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities 
or related financial instruments. 

UBS AG is a public company incorporated with limited liability in
Switzerland domiciled in the Canton of Basel-City and the Canton of
Zurich respectively registered at the Commercial Registry offices in
those Cantons with new Identification No: CHE-101.329.561 as from 18
December 2013 (and prior to 18 December 2013 with Identification
No: CH-270.3.004.646-4) and having respective head offices at
Aeschenvorstadt 1, 4051 Basel and Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich,
Switzerland and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market
Supervisory Authority in Switzerland.  Registered in the United
Kingdom as a foreign company with No: FC021146 and having a UK
Establishment registered at Companies House, Cardiff, with
No: BR 004507.  The principal office of UK Establishment: 
5 Broadgate, London EC2M 2QS. In the United Kingdom, UBS AG is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority.  Details about the extent 
of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are 
available from us on request.

UBS Europe SE is a subsidiary of UBS AG. UBS Europe SE is a Societas
Europaea registered with the commercial register (Handelsregister) of
the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main under HRB 107046.
Registered office: Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4, OpernTurm, 60306
Frankfurt am Main. UBS Europe SE is authorized and regulated by the
German federal financial supervisory authority (Bundesanstalt fü
Finanzdienstleistungaufsicht) and the European Central Bank. The
Chairman of Supervisory Board is Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Roland Koch.
The Management Board is composed of Christine Novakovic (Chair),
Birgit Dietl-Benzin, Georgia Paphiti, Dr. Andreas Przewloka and Tobias
Vogel. UBS Europe SE in the United Kingdom is
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject
to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
Financial Conduct Authority.  Details regarding the extent of UBS
Europe SE's authorisation and regulation are available on request.
The principal office of UBS Europe SE in the United Kingdom is 5
Broadgate, London EC2M 2QS.

UBS Business Solutions AG is a public company incorporated with 
limited liability in Switzerland domiciled in the Canton of Zurich 
registered at the Commercial Registry office with Identification 
No: CHE-262.289.477 and having its head office at Bahnhofstrasse 45, 
8001 Zurich, Switzerland.  Registered in the United Kingdom as a 
foreign company with No: FC034139 and having a UK Establishment 
registered at Companies House, Cardiff, with No: BR019277.  The 
principal office of UK Establishment: 5 Broadgate London EC2M 2QS.  

UBS reserves the right to retain all messages. Messages are protected 
and accessed only in legally justified cases. 